# Tableau Station Popularity

There is a trend found among the stats indicating the most popular starting and ending stations. Not only are top 9 most popular starting stations identical to the top 9 most popular ending stations, they both rank identically. That is, the most popular starting station is the most popular ending station, the second most popular starting station is the second most popular ending station, etc. The charts include the tenth most popular starting and ending stations to show that the trend is broken after the ninth most popular station. Many of these locations are major transportation hubs, like train stations, so that might account for why they are the most popular CitiBike locations for starting and ending a journey. A possible explanation could involve repeat business. In large cities, it would be reasonable for someone to make frequent use of public transportation as part of their daily routine. This could likely involve using the same stations for starting and ending points. If a lot of people plan to depart from and return to the same station as part of their daily routine, then the popularity of a station as a starting point would increase along with its popularity as an ending point. It should be noted that this data is only for one month. One station could be more popular than another in one month, and then be less popular in another month. This could be expected if the stations have similar popularity levels. It may be hypothesized that having similar popularity may increase the probability that over time the popularity ranking of a station as a starting point may not be the same as its popularity ranking as an ending point.
