# Tableau Maps

Two maps are created here. This is necessary since it cannot be guaranteed that all the stations will be plotted if only the starting stations or only the ending stations are plotted. As can be seen from StartMap, all the starting locations are on the New Jersey side of the Hudson River. End Map indicates that a few journeys ended on the New York side of the Hudson River, but it is very difficult to see them because the circles are very small. That there were no journeys that started in New York suggests that everyone who crossed from New Jersey to New York did not return to New Jersey, at least not by using CitiBike.

The vast majority of start and end locations are located near the western shore of the Hudson River. A search with Google Maps revealed that this region is a highly trafficked region with lots of businesses and nearby housing, including apartments. The eastern start and end locations are very heavily residential and further away from the bulk of businesses. Bikes make sense in locations where the starting and ending points are relatively close but not really close. Given that the people living near the western locations are farther away from the bulk of businesses, this suggests that they may prefer another mode of trasportation on the whole.

An important feature to note is that some of the locations with the greatest number of journeys started and ended are near the Hoboken Terminal, the Newport Parkway, the Newport Path train station, the Holland Tunnel, and the Grove Street Path train station. These are or are near major transportation hubs, and it stands to reason that these would be excellent locations to have CitiBike stations.
